# Quick overview of how to use the scp-for-komodo-ide extension.

= Introduction =

This extension is a quick and dirty implementation that I built for my own use. While I love the Komodo IDE, I have been frustrated since the beginning that it doesn't have built-in SCP and mapping from local to remote servers and paths.

In my mind, projects should very easily map from a local path to a remote server/path quite simply -- so this extension assumes a very simple mapping such as the following.

 * Assume a project with local files stored in */Users/blake/MyProject*
 * Assume a remote server called *example.com*
 * Assume a remote root path */var/www/html/MyProject*

In this case, the SCP command for any file in the local path should look something like `scp _local-path_/file user@example.com:_remote-path_/file. As long as the _local-path_, _remote-path_, _remote-server_ and SCP _username_ are defined somewhere in the Komodo project, it is simple to map an open file in the IDE and shell out to the SCP command.

That's all scp-for-komodo-ide does.

= Details =

Since my goal was to create an integrated SCP for Komodo projects (not to create a compelling user experience), I took the low road on configuration. I manually add the configuration options to the project file directly. To do this, simply open your *project.kpf* file in your favorite text editor and add the following lines inside the _preference-set_ element:

  <string id="scp_local_path_prefix">/Users/blake/MyProject</string>
  <string id="scp_remote_path_prefix">/var/www/html/MyProject</string>
  <string id="scp_remote_server">example.com</string>
  <string id="scp_user">remote_user</string>

== Notes ==

This extension uses SCP without providing a password as described in [http://www.linuxjournal.com/article/8600].